Now let's add the just tests in the just console.
You will see the warnings like this one.
This is because now we are sending a new request to different end point.
And in the let's open the app component just we are not handling that that request.
So in the app component, we are rendering the user page and just like we did for the others, like
the token token activation, we need to add the rest handler for it, get users as well.
So I'm just adding a rest handler here.
Get this is for API one zero users and the ID request response context and we are going to return 200.
Okay.
But also we need to return a payload context.
JSON and the payload can be dynamic like the ID can be the ID we are taking from the the params.
So like from the request params, we can get the ID.
Well let's do that.
Like let's say this is the ID and let's pass it to number params ID.
So we are taking the id and in this json we will return the id username and it is going to be like this
user.
I'd use it one user two and for email it's going to be user ID at gmail.com.
So this is the user get end point and this is for the app component.
We are not really caring about the the different cases, so we are just returning success and returning
the user object back.
So saving this one.
Now those warnings are gone.
So let's add the test for the user component.
So far, we didn't create the file for the user component.
We only have the spec test.
We don't have the gestures test.
Again, we will repeat the steps we did in the Activate component.
So I'm just going to copy the Activate component just and I will paste it here and I will rename it
to user component just so this is failing because of the relative importing.
So this is going to be let's replace all the activate component part with we can select multiple lines
by command shift.
L So this is selecting all the occurrence of this activate component and I'm just going to type user
component here and we are importing that one from here.
So we have the user component.
We are rendering it like and in this one we have the those as well and we have a server and it is again
going to be like this ID token and let's have an implementation like this.
We will have we will take the ID and if it is true, we are going to return 404 not found.
And if it is not true, if the ID is not true, then we will return OC with the object of user like
ID is let's go with one user name is user one and email is user one at gmail.com.
So this is for user page.
So it sends get let's have that same naming for the tests.
So in this one, we were saying it sends a request to get user data.
So that's copying it and pasting to this one.
So for the user ID, we will go with one.
This is the success case and the second one is in the space user name on page when user is found.
So like this.
So again, we are setting the ideas one.
But this time we are not going to check the alert or anything.
We are just going to check for the username.
So we will look for user one to appear.
So let's say user name and instead of just querying a text, we can fine tune this one because in a
profile card the user name is in this header.
So we can do something like this find by role and the role is heading and the text will be a name user
one So this is the, let's say header.
And there will be in the document and in the next test, let's copy the test description again.
So in this one, it displays activation failure.
Not this one, but it displays error one user not found.
And let's go with the user two, because in the rest handler here we are returning 404 for the user
two.
So we are looking for user not found message to be visible.
And the last one is it displays spinner.
During user get request.
So during get request again, let's go with user one and checking the visibility of the spinner.
Then we are waiting until a user one to appear.
So that means the API returned the response and that user is now visible.
So the spinner should not be there.
So let's save this one.
So our test is failing because one of the issues is we we are seeing this warning.
It is complaining about there is no there is no handler.
So this is for the gate request.
But we just copied the activation and it is post.
So let's change this.
Saving it.
So we still have failure and that's because we are using the profile card to display a user.
But we didn't declare that.
So let's get that one profile card component.
And so you can get.
And now all tests are passing.
So we have completed the implementation for the user page in the just test as well.